 ---
title: "Overthinking"
layout: "overthinking"
url: "overthinking"
summary: overthinking

---
  &#8203;

  Now different people overthink about different things, some about work, some about life, some about love. 

  Now idk sad or happy, i come in last category .so basically i overthink about her.now what can i tell you about her. she is the most amazing beautifful smart person i ever met but my bad luck that i cant tell her this everyday cause all it would do is loose a friend. i sometimes think i am depressed cause im unhappy when i havent taked to her for a long time or when when im just had talked to her. but like evrybody has theor own problems she had gone through so fucking much and thats why i respect her a whole damn lot. the funny part is idk if somebody told what  the future is her and me or of us, will it change the right now or not but the thing i do know i dont ever wanna ever give up on us untill she says she wants me to cause for me the only thing more important than there being an us is she being happy. idk if u ever missed anyone so much that the mental pain manifest as physical pain but i sure hope u havent cause wouldnt wanna inflict that pain to even my worst enemy. i cant ever be aangry at her or shout at her but the funny thing is the most i wanna do is shout at her, shout what i feel about her. i was told these feelings go away but that didnt really happen, but its a little over a year and soooo hoped that would have been gone till now. sometimes i wish that maybe how simplerr my life would have been if i never met her but u know what i wouldnt change a thing about the last year cause in a normal relationship a person wins when they fell in love and looses when they breakup but in a one sided relationship, you win and looses every fucking day and thats the well the truth so all ive been doing for the last fucking year is winning and lossing and damn if that looses didnt make me fall on my knees or the winning made me feel like im flying. the saddest part is accepting gthe fact that you cant really made someone love you no matter what you do and sometimes i hoped that there should be a rule that you shouldnt be allowed to like someone more than they do. and funny thing is its been more than a year ive been talking to her and still my heart beat doubles down before calling her, before meeting and i still cant think of anything to talk when with her but in reallity i would think of a million things i wanna talk to her about. if somebody ever tolds you it gets easier in these situation you will believe them cause you would wanna but unfortunately it doesnt or atleast it takes more than a year ig. not a minute goes by that i dont think about her and not a day goes by that i dont cry cause of this cause that all i can be is a friend and that is ok for right now but whats harder to accept is that a friend is all ill ever be. so i guess it is rightly said that dont fall in love cause man therapy is expensive. ok there was this line in a serious idk which but it had no academic support but man i hoped it was true that physical pain surpasses mental pain but when has things gone my way that they would now cause well its not true, you just feel them together. people say that just stop talking to her and ya that will probably help but as ted mosby says it wouldnt be love if i could take the worlds advice and just stop talking to her and walk away cause i can never do that, believe me i tried.   